<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This is a template repo for Terraform Azure Verified Modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 3.5, < 4.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.image_template](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_distribute"></a> [distribute](#input\_distribute)

Description: Distribution targets for the built image. Must contain at least one entry.

Type: `list(map(any))`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the image template will be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: Name of the Azure Image Builder template.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: Resource ID of the parent resource (typically the resource group) that will contain the image template.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_source_image"></a> [source\_image](#input\_source\_image)

Description: Source configuration for the image template. Refer to Azure Image Builder documentation for supported fields.

Type: `map(any)`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_build_timeout_in_minutes"></a> [build\_timeout\_in\_minutes](#input\_build\_timeout\_in\_minutes)

Description: Timeout for the image build in minutes.

Type: `number`

Default: `240`

### <a name="input_customize"></a> [customize](#input\_customize)

Description: List of customization steps to apply during image build.

Type: `list(map(any))`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_identity"></a> [identity](#input\_identity)

Description: Managed identity configuration for the image template.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    type                       = string
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `"CanNotDelete"` and `"ReadOnly"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `principal_type` - The type of the principal\_id. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_staging_resource_group_id"></a> [staging\_resource\_group\_id](#input\_staging\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: Optional resource ID of a staging resource group for the image builder template.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Tags to associate with the image template.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_vm_profile_overrides"></a> [vm\_profile\_overrides](#input\_vm\_profile\_overrides)

Description: Additional VM profile properties to merge with the defaults when building the image.

Type: `map(any)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_vm_size"></a> [vm\_size](#input\_vm\_size)

Description: VM size used during image build.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Standard_D2s_v3"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_location"></a> [location](#output\_location)

Description: The Azure region where the image template is deployed.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the image template resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The fully qualified resource ID of the image template.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->